---
layout:	post
title:	.NET 发送邮件那些事
author: StoneLi
description: .NET 发送邮件那些事
tags: [dotnet, email]
type: dotnet
---

> 本文主要讲解.NET发送邮件可能遇到的一些**问题**和对应的**处理方法**

# 问题1
  如果电子邮件附件大于 3 MB，则当你通过使用“System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient”类的基于 .NET Framework 4 的应用程序发送电子邮件时，会出现“发送邮件失败”错误消息

> 修补程序：kb2183292  
> 下载地址： https://support.microsoft.com/zh-cn/kb/2468871

# 问题2
25，465，587 三个端口怎么使用

**25**： 想怎么发就怎么发。但是！！很多云服务器考虑到安全问题，屏蔽了该端口！！！

**465**：采用ssl加密
SmtpClient使用465端口发送邮件超时的异常参考：
http://blogs.msdn.com/b/webdav_101/archive/2008/06/02/system-net-mail-with-ssl-to-authenticate-against-port-465.aspx


> Sending mail using System.Net.Mail with SSL will fail:
> 
> ```csharp
> System.Net.NetworkCredential aCred = new System.Net.NetworkCredential("myacct", "mypassword");
> SmtpClient smtp = new SmtpClient("smtp.mail.myserver.com", 465);
> smtp.EnableSsl = true;
> smtp.UseDefaultCredentials = false;
> smtp.Credentials = aCred;
> 
> ```
> **System.Net.Mail only supports “Explicit SSL”.**
> 
> **Explicit SSL**
> 
> System.Net.Mail only supports “Explicit SSL”.  Explicit SSL starts as unencrypted on port 25, then issues a STARTTLS and switches to an Encrypted connection.  See RFC 2228.
> 
> Explicit  SLL would go something like: Connect on 25 -> StartTLS (starts to encrypt) -> authenticate -> send data
> 
> If the SMTP server expects SSL/TLS connection right from the start then this will not work.
> 
> If you see "530 Must issue a STARTTLS command first" being returned while trying to send a message, then Explicit SSL is what is being expected.
> 
> **Implicit SSL**
> 
> There is no way to use Implicit SSL (SMTPS) with System.Net.Mail.  Implicit SSL would have the entire connection is wrapped in an SSL layer.  A specific port would be used (port 465 is common).  > There is no formal RFC covering Implicit SSL.
>
> Implicit  SLL would go something like: Start SSL (start encryption) -> Connect -> Authenticate -> send data
>
> Windows Mail uses System.Net.Mail to send messages - so it wont work with Implicit SSL.  Outlook Express and System.Web.Mail use CDOSYS for sending messages and should work since CDOSYS can work with Explict SSL and Implicit SSL.

**三个端口的区别**

> 参考： https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15796530/what-is-the-difference-between-ports-465-and-587
> 
> 1. Port 465 is for smtps
> SSL encryption is started automatically before any SMTP level communication.
> 
> 2. Port 587 is for msa
> It is almost like standard SMTP port. MSA should accept email after authentication (e.g. after SMTP AUTH). It helps to stop outgoing spam when netmasters of DUL ranges can block outgoing > connections to SMTP port (port 25).
> SSL encryption may be started by STARTTLS command at SMTP level if server supports it and your ISP does not filter server's EHLO reply (reported 2014).
> 
> 3. Port 25 is used by MTA to MTA communication (mail server to mail server). It may be used for client to server communication but it is not currently the most recommended. Standard SMTP port > accepts email from other mail servers to its "internal" mailboxes without authentication.